Fixed #31007 -- Allowed specifying type of auto-created primary keys. (#13179)
django/django: docs/ref/applications.txt

    By default, this attribute isn't set.

> .. attribute:: AppConfig.default_auto_field

Reviewer: `versionadded` is missing.

    The implicit primary key type to add to models within this app. You can

>     use this to keep the historical :class:`~django.db.models.AutoField`

Reviewer 2: This isn't really "historical". We're just providing a mechanism for people to have a different default auto field class.

Author: Wasn't the idea to migrate to using `BigAutoField` as the default in a future Django release? I've updated the wording though as it's currently not historical.

    primary key type for third party applications.

>     By default this is the value of :setting:`DEFAULT_MODEL_PK`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    By default this is the value of :setting:`DEFAULT_AUTO_FIELD`.
```
